TINY-7829: Change commands behaviour (#7572)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The `media` plugin no longer treats `iframe`, `video`, `audio` or `object` elements as "special" and will validate the contents against the schema #TINY-8382
- Renamed the `getShortEndedElements` Schema API to `getVoidElements` #TINY-8344
- Changed the default statusbar element path delimiter from `»` to `›` #TINY-8372

> - The `editor.editorCommands.queryCommandSupported` will no longer fallback to the browsers native command #TINY-7829

Reviewer: It's probably best to put the word "function" or "API" in these lines, e.g. `the <x> function will...`

Author: I have wondered a bit about the word API to me an API is more than just a function it's kind of the whole thing. Like the tinymce editor has a selection API I think some times we use API for single functions what is the rule here exactly. I've used both my self. But it becomes really fuzzy if you have a function that only does one thing like the select element api like editor.selection.select() is that an API or a function?

- The `editor.queryCommandSupported` function will no longer fallback to the browsers native command #TINY-7829
- The `editor.queryCommandState` function will no longer fallback to the browsers native command #TINY-7829
- The `editor.queryCommandValue` function will no longer fallback to the browsers native command #TINY-7829
- The `editor.execCommand` function will no longer fallback to the browsers native command #TINY-7829
- The `editor.editorCommands.queryCommandSupported` function will now return `false` on removed editors #TINY-7829
- The `editor.editorCommands.queryCommandState` function will now return `false` on removed editors #TINY-7829
- The `editor.editorCommands.queryCommandValue` function will now return empty strings on removed editors #TINY-7829
- The `editor.editorCommands.execCommand` function will now return false on removed editors #TINY-7829
- The `editor.queryCommandSupported` function will now return `false` on removed editors #TINY-7829
- The `editor.queryCommandState` function will now return `false` on removed editors #TINY-7829
- The `editor.queryCommandValue` function will now return empty strings on removed editors #TINY-7829

> - The `editor.execCommand` function will now return false on removed editors #TINY-7829

Reviewer 2: This all seems quite verbose. Could we trim it down to just something like this? We can always expand more in the documentation if we need to, but I just feel this is too verbose.
```
- The Editor commands APIs will no longer fallback to executing the browsers native command functionality #TINY-7829
- The Editor query command APIs will now return `false` or an empty string on removed editors #TINY-7829
```

If you don't do this, then `false` in the last line needs backticks around it.

- Removed the `editor.settings` property as it's been replaced by the new Options API #TINY-8236
- Removed the `shortEnded` and `fixed` properties on `tinymce.html.Node` class #TINY-8205
- Removed the `mceInsertRawHTML` command #TINY-8214

> - Removed the undocumented `editor.editorCommands.hasCustomCommand` API #TINY-7829

Reviewer: So, funny story, we are about to start using this API in #7569 to automatically disable table features not supported by RTC. It wasn't our preferred option but we ran out of time to do it a nicer way.

- [ ] please keep `hasCustomCommand` for this release - or maybe we should rename it `hasCommand`?

Author: Yeah I saw that. It could be replaced with queryCommandSupported since after this change it will all be custom commands. So the hasCustomCommand is now the same function as queryCommandSupported so it made no sense to keep it unless we want to remove the queryCommandSupported and have a hasCommand instead in the editorCommands but then it would mismatch with the editor.queryCommandSupported api that is documented and most likely used by integrators.

Reviewer: Oh! yes I'm happy to swap the other branch to `queryCommandSupported`.

- Removed the `editor.settings` property as it's been replaced by the new Options API #TINY-8236
- Removed the `shortEnded` and `fixed` properties on `tinymce.html.Node` class #TINY-8205
- Removed the `mceInsertRawHTML` command #TINY-8214
- Removed the undocumented `editor.editorCommands.hasCustomCommand` API #TINY-7829

> - Removed the undocumented `mceResetDesignMode` command #TINY-7829
> - Removed the undocumented `mceRepaint` command #TINY-7829
> - Removed the undocumented `mceBeginUndoLevel` command #TINY-7829

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed the undocumented `mceResetDesignMode`, `mceRepaint` and `mceBeginUndoLevel` commands #TINY-7829
```
Again, this is just a little too verbose

> - Removed the `execCommand` handler function from the plugin interface #TINY-7829
> - Removed the `execCommand` handler function from the theme interface #TINY-7829

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed the `execCommand` handler function from the plugin and theme interface #TINY-7829
```

Author: I like the suggestion but should this be `interfaces`?

Reviewer 2: It should be thanks. I'll edit the suggestion.
